The stones have been seen with their own eyes, and they can still be fake.
I said your school is really
Why is everyone recruiting inside?
So be it.
Parents
I see something now that I have found it
Then we don't need to make a big deal out of this
Are you kidding?
I don't agree with that.
This is an aristocratic kindergarten
More than 300,000 tuition fees a year
In order to filter out
The most qualified students and parents
Now this happens
How can you let parents rest assured to bring a child with them?
Thieves are kept in a school
This can't just go away.
I advocate expulsion
Lin Youyou misses her mother
What do you think?
I agree too.
It can't just be that
It really can't be counted like that
I heard that our kindergarten has been monitored for peace of mind recently.
I want to check the surveillance
Give my child a clean slate
To monitor privacy violations
Do you think you can check it if you say so?
Who just said that it should be strictly investigated?
I haven't checked it yet.
Oops, parents know
I've asked someone to get the surveillance records
In a while, let's take a look together